c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\XF.LocalDB.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\XF.LocalDB.pdb
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.dll
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.pdb
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.View.Aluno.AlunoView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.View.Aluno.NovoView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\obj\Debug\XF.LocalDB.dll.mdb
c:\users\ndsan\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\XF.LocalDB\bin\Debug\XF.LocalDB.dll.mdb
